welcome back to the conference crouton
project yes World of Tanks challenged me
to make a tanks on building a scrotum
but they're good with that they don't
mind it there's like thirds I know we
have got loads of historically accurate
tanks in our game but we also like to
have fun so in the game as different
Moses football this battle royale you
name it they're all good it's just all
about having a laugh now there's a link
in the description you can download
tanks for free go and support them
they're supporting the project and the
project well we've got our two screws
now we need a chassis we need a drive
system that's a lot to do I better get
some stuff in an engine
[Applause]
[Music]
we got ourselves an engine look at this
boat a strange
[Music]
[Applause]
betta honda all of my best creations
have been powered by Honda's mobility
scooter Belgium right this way that's
gonna sit back I'll be up high obviously
I'm not gonna be sat down here yeah so
I'll have my seat up against the back of
that feet the front and then I'll get
the levers each side of me right next
thing we need to do we need to work out
how we're gonna get the drive chains
from these down onto the shafts
hi captain
Amy get namond amore Natalia
[Music]
okey-dokey so I've cut this out what
this is gonna do this flat bet it's
gonna bolt up underneath my tank chassis
and then the axle to the screw is gonna
go through this bit now it's simply
bearings pretty hard got loads of
bearings and loads and loads of plate
wheels got some sprockets now this motor
we're going to go through this one and
then the sprockets are all tape alot
ones so they've got like a little collar
inside them which basically locks onto
the shaft and then if we want to change
any of the sprockets change the gear
ratio just undo some grub screws and
swap it all over so we need to better
get to this so we have effectively gonna
put some sides on this and then make
like an access panel one in the front
one in the top to get to the attention
ER and there we are that's the rear one
the front one will be exactly the same
apart from it won't have a motor in it
just you effectively making our own
funny shape in a box section right let's
get you all welded up and then we can
make a chassis corner
[Music]
put these little tags on here so it kind
of holds the pride just over the surface
so when i weld ran the front here I've
got like a gap to fill rather than a
smooth joint because that would be a lot
stronger won't it colic
[Music]
No
okay lovely jubbly that's done now
there's gonna be a cover plate which
bolts onto the frontier that I'll have
another bearing in which will slide over
that axle and that will keep it nice and
rigid a chain tensioner of course which
would be like another sprocket wheel on
a bearing which will push up on that
little slider and there's a little
access hatch in the top so we can get
down and tighten that up so that's the
rear one basket or the drive connected
the front is basically the same because
it doesn't know me you'll listen it
doesn't have to be quite so fat so then
that one yeah just got two berries right
so we've got them there whose needs
chassis then we're gonna fix it to it
hmm
[Music]
I let this light failed already
okay got them on don't have put the
front ones on until I've got the screws
in position but waiting for some bass
doctor come in so in the meantime I
think I'm gonna try and get the engine
mount and the seat mounted in position
so you can kind of see where all that's
going
[Music]
oh really out this thing does work how
cool is this gonna look can't sit on
there ah I'm just contemplating with the
engine and the seat can come forward a
bit I don't know let's do that
[Music]
[Applause]
right so I've got me bar stock that's
arrived however the bushes have
destroyed themselves in me life but
Bailey the people who supply minister :
don't worry about a new bushes
we'll get you an upgraded life which is
fantastic of them but I want to use my
life now so I've budgeted drill into the
back of it it sounds awful but at least
I can get on
[Applause]
[Music]
ha
[Applause]
[Music]
the holes actually still line up
okay real welded up now I've rigged it
up to the hydraulic system I've got
under the bench the things which runs me
press so we can see it turn it
now the hydraulic pump under the bench
has got nowhere near the flow rate that
our engine's going to give hence White's
too slow at least that's what I'm hoping
anyway right
I'm happy you chain tension system works
well spins nicely seems pretty solid now
got sort the other side out in three two
one
[Music]
oh we got screws we got a chassis it's
pretty solid we're probably gonna have
to add more chassis to this but I
learned with the hover bike just
patience cuz I built the hover bike yeah
loads of bits of chassis on it
and it won't get off the ground I don't
know if this thing's gonna be too heavy
so we'll give it a test first and then
we'll give it a bit of woohoo I'm
negative to the motor we go sideways we
can go that way
and if I stand up on here this is good
this is a good slide stop this one
moving he starts to turn that I was
worried about hmm carpet don't like it
light mm screw tank boy okay next video
hydraulics need to make an oil tank got
a plumb it all up set the valves all up
get it ready for testing now I should be
quite good at this really it's kind of
basically plumbing I used to be a
plumber bit different but there are no
don't forget of course our sponsor World
of Tanks use your promo code tantastic
this is a big job so is there gameplay
areas they've got woods forests deserts
mountains you can jump off stuff you can
fight your mates and industrial zones
urban areas you name it it's a huge game
so go and support them support the
channel subscribe and I'll see you in
the next one Thibault thumbs up how do I
cut this many subscribers up now I do
[Music]